The typewriter that you use for it is...
Well, I asked whether the Memoranda had been checked against all the typewriter in the
office in question.
And I had no idea when I asked a question as to whether or not we were going into the
accuracy of the Memoranda from the standpoint of when they were written, whether they were
proper.
I asked if they'd been checked against the typewriter, and presumably that was not the question
that Mr. Jankadad had for the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The subject's timing is entirely correct and I'll get into it.
In theory, the assistant to the director of Federal Bureau of Investigation is for whether
or not such an investigation would be feasible in revealing his answer was, we've spent so much
time around nothing but...
And this could be what a way of such an investigation.
I thank the...
I thank the counsel and I want to make this point.
My Chief interest has nothing to do with the individual in this case.
My interest in this case are the armed services of the United States and how defense in
this country against communism.
I want to point out that the Chair and the Council, that many charges of luxury have
been affected and made against the Secretary of the Army and his assistant.
Now, let's be well.
The Chair feels that if you're going to request, does the Committee go to the expense of
how he's documentary experts?
I think he should give us some indication at least as to some reason why you think such
a request could bear proof.
The Chair recalls the conversation which has been posed in his office.
Early in the hearings or occurred in the suggestions that perhaps such a case might be fruitful.
The reply was in a negative, which the Chair recalls on the basis of two points.
The first was in the stand-rate of age as to whether they had been done perhaps since March
11th or prior to March 11th, the back is rise up to the second.
Or advised that in less documents that age considerably more than that,
it would be impossible for any kind of fire and physical analysis to determine whether
something would happen two months ago or three months ago or four months ago.
The Chair can develop that kind of a meticulous evidence by the scientific test.
And it's in the second point, since the talk about his change around so frequently,
since we have evidence here that we don't know whether the documents that are now before the young lady,
are originally there are topics that were picked up after a press conference,
and seem to be the least you have for them to indicate that such a church could be fruitful,
and be putting the country in the Congress with considerable expense,
with no possibility of getting a defendant to that.
Now, if we have such evidence, Mr. Welk,
make sure that certainly I say here because there is some basis for believing
that these documents are broadly presented.
Of course, that is very pertinent to the investigation before.
Mr. Wood, I will have a small and perhaps small note.
Given my call to the state, he has such evidence, I think it should be present on the oath.
I have no such evidence that there will be no such statement that will be given,
my statement is precisely as follows.
So, for sure, I'm going to back in front of the room,
if I don't want to talk to others, just for the kind that other 90s tells us
he has some such evidence that these evidence can be presented,
of course, to be put on the oath.
If he says he has none, it's not necessary for him.
The obvious to be that Mr. Jenkins' mind must have some earlier days of this work,
since my mind has worked today, and that he considered having the documents examined.
He says to me that he finds that there is no way that it can be done
that it is either for this or not, hopefully.
I certainly cannot ask for the fact there is money to use to make such an examination.
Mr. Jenkins will confirm the fact that he and I have talked about this problem in the past.
And that when your parents leave, now, stand and then see and I,
prepare with the dictation book from the trip in the typewriter and the age of the document,
they can't actually check it.
That means you serve the document that you stated to you.
I came into this room, I hope sure that the reputation of the UN is reasonably honest, man.
I hope to go out for a fact, reputation on this day of the month.
I could not help myself with the strictness of the document,
and I still am unconvinced because of some internal evidence in the week's one-up.
But in any of the had eye now, it's dangerous.
But if there is a riddle, it's right in the middle and they come as we will be able to solve it.
But I would like to ask you a question.
Mr. Wilson, I think Mr. Wilson has yielded.
We have fairly, which is the intelligent theory, I think, many of the people.
I have come under oath, I have read many, many statements,
Mr. Collins has ever been able to take on an oath.
We have made the statement.
So are given the indication that you've got some evidence,
for in the case there's something wrong about the document.
What is the queues in this thing when you hear a perjury of questions?
Well, I do think that this is the link to Down there and right here right hand,
and square that you have no evidence, but all you've done,
all you've done is try to raise an implication hoping you get violated.
If you've got one I owe to others,
then you should be willing to give us that under oath.
If you have, it's not for sure.
Then you should be willing to tell our jury of millions of American people
that this claim is just as foamy and just as false as the claims against Frank Carrworth.
And I would like to do that.
I am going to go back on the stand under oath,
but the call is going back on the stand under oath.
Mr. Vistula's under oath,
why would Mr. Wilson should not be willing?
He makes these statements to the front under oath.
I don't know, and I'm really going to ask the chair.
I'm going to ask the chair to put you under oath before the hearing is there.
I'm going to ask him to have you be sworn.
Not only on this point, but upon many of the statements that have made it.
I want to know if there's any statements in fact.
I don't think a lawyer has any special privilege in this hearing rule.
If he makes a false statement,
if he makes a statement with no basis in fact,
then I'm wanting to sworn.
I'm not going to ask the chair to do it now because that's the five o'clock.
Mr. Chairman, I believe it is. I can see the clock.
Those five funny.
I'm not asking the chair to do it now,
but I am serving notice that I will formally request Mr. Wilson to be put under oath and be asked to testify.
Mr. Chairman, is that?
I don't have information. I like that.
The phone is at John's office.
I have to ask the question in order to fully understand what conflict is better moment of joy about.
The determination of the age of a doctor.
So I understand that there's no scientific need to do advice by the FBI of determining the age of a doctor.
The subject is so anxious.
So I am assuming he's doing it.
I made the statement.
I'm just trying to get the right to testify.
And justice is the FBI.
We want to have that statement grow.
The misunderstanding of the FBI can determine the age of a doctor.
If there's a considerable disparity between the age, the thing we were advised,
is to confirm the term of the test that you can narrow down to the point where a week or two or a month,
that you can be determined.
And unless the fate of the case, it doesn't question the going back to a document which might be several years old,
where it becomes a disease or had yellow or had dimples.
Because they couldn't tell with that narrow precision that whether a document was done on Monday morning,
the first day of September, a Monday morning, the first day of October,
the tests were not that meticulously.
What I want to find out, Mr. Chairman, is that we have a record straight.
Whether or not it's possible to determine an age of a document, whether it's one month, two months, four months, eight months, nine months,
a bell, less than a year, that's the question.
I would just like to have for the record some assurance on that.
And if it's done the FBI, I think we ought to have a letter.
So there won't be any argument about this after the hearings are over.
You know what will happen, or you're going to have a lot of wires letters from experts explaining that this is all along.
That you can determine the age of a type written document, week by week, month by month.
And I would like for my own assurance to have that information.
I think we ought to have it for me, FBI, or whoever gave it, Commissioner.
Chair, I'm specifically thinking.
I think it's probably desirable, and it's like a worthwhile, which it comes to.
It was talked to the FBI, and I'm meticulously about just how long a time has to adapt before they can make it happen.
I'm guessing Mr. Chairman.
I think there is a scientific way as the Germany-Burley Church is in the slaughter.
Why was a circuit judge back in the conference we had to be used quite often in the device known as a live detector?
I have complete confidence in those live detectors.
Now, I know that maybe the Secretary of the Army may feel that it violates his sense of dignity to send himself to it, but I would like to hear him now to get.
I agree.
Just to admit themselves, the live detector, I think to the Metley, Mr. Chairman.
We can get a lot of information, we don't want to otherwise not get, but to make it very clear, I realize you can't force anyone to do that.
That would be violating his constitutional privilege.
But if we could do that, Mr. Chairman, in one day, I believe, in one day we could end this whole hassle we've been in.
I would like to say that I will be the first to agree to submit to such a test.
I think a live detector, properly operated is practically unbeatable.
I think in all of the principles to be good to do that, and we might be able to end this thing in 24 hours than 24 days.
I think as far as the instant case before, it's not where we test until kind of clock tomorrow morning.
Let's go with the public information in the comments.
This request is made, I think, now I've said with a long problem.
But the difficult problem would be as I see it, it may be testifies that she doesn't know whether these are the ones that were tied to the regime.
Where there was, it's about the 11th day of March.
If you establish the fact that these were tied to the 11th day of March, it would not establish the fact whether they were the original or not.
I'd just anyway, to pursue it to get to this space unit.
If you want to have that suspicion, I have a right to pursue it as counsel, but then I'm what this turns me is.
Even if you establish the fact that the documents here present were written about the 11th day of March, that wouldn't establish the fact that they were only not to lose.
She says she doesn't know whether the original were handed out to the first or whether these are there.
Unless you can clear it, I don't see where the experts would be.
There are many times that was noted in what the chair stated.
When he asked counsel, whether or not he could suspend to it some reason.
From going to this expense in view of the test and only which is before, someone added by the information we secured from the FBI.
So, if we have information, we can check further.
If you're not, they can tell whether something has been done two months or four months ago.
But we then run into the roadblock, established by the evidence that we don't know whether the documents before the young lady were original or picked up after the first time.
They seem like a few to taste unless Mr. Wolfe has an evidence to submit and the chair understands Mr. Wolfe's directly and I hope he'd be correct if he does not.
Mr. Wolfe said that his suspicion is new entirely out of the evidence that he heard in the news.
And he did not ask to submit any additional evidence.
Am I right in that, Mr. Wolfe?
I cannot make it too clear that that is so.
And I do not wish anyone that here is my voice in this country to think that my suspicions were based on anything other than what we heard in this room.
I cannot make that too clear.
Thank you. I can translate the chair to chair.
The chair to chair.
I have a question.
On the file, what is written on this is this goal.
I can find a file.
Yes.
Investigations committee.
One was that.
On it.
I was originally made up.
Well, I think that's a matter if you wanted to check if that's where...
When was that left?
When the file was first put up in our cover?
Yes.
All the other memorandum in that file.
All of the other memorandum in the file.
You don't know whether that's original now or not.
I get it.
It's all the plain type.
It's only the original.
It's the file itself with the folder with the writing that you just referred to.
The investigation.
Yes.
That is original.
Are the chair and the file before we meet that?
Are there any other consular wills for anybody else around the committee table desire to ask Mr. Just to throw the questions in the morning.
It's a no-one to start with.
Here, Mr. Cons.
One here.
Everybody have any questions?
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to ask.
I'll leave you to work one.
I'm from a Mr. Bristol.
Mr. Joke will be placed.
Step down and they'll witness.
Mr. Cohn, we have first witness in the morning.
Mr. Janks.
Mr. Rokes, do I understand now that you have formerly withdrawn your requests of me to retain the services of a document?
I have.
They will.
We can't reach it.
It's a 25 o'clock tomorrow.
I have.
You have just heard Chairman Montemau, so the next session of the hearing will be at 10 a.m. tomorrow.